a place where a user can post a message then the user and others can raise the value of the message
by visiting / liking the message or / and paying through bitcoin or paypal

so basically there is traffic value and paid value for the post

traffic value means value from comments, total views and total likes.

the value price for traffic breaks down like this:

$1 for each comment
$1 for reply 
$1 comment likes
$1 reply likes
$1 for 1000 views
$1 for each post likes

Sign in with google
Sign in With Facebook
register

Profile page:
Total Value passed
username
Posts


Frontpage:
show notice on frontpage footer: THIS WEBSITE DOESN't PAY, It only confirms value of the post.
top messages  this week, this month, this year.
show value of the message, show raise value for the message, show likes
if there are comments then comments count. show post a comment.
show author of the message (highest payer)

Message page:
show message
show message value, show raise value of this message, 
show message views(can be turned off in admin)
show message likes(can be turned off in admin)
comment, comment reply. comment / reply value, comment / reply raise value
comment like, comment reply count(if there is), comment reply like, comment reply likes count
if a message is found already posted and the user posted it as comment or reply then show the total message value on the comment or reply.

payment support: paypal, bitcoin

admin:
analytics:
top messages, top comments, top replies, top users, total value
fake accounts, fake messages, fake comments, fake replies, fake value

max char for messages

settings for traffic value:
turn off / on traffic value (still count but keep it off) (if its on then count it towards the total value)
value for likes, comments, views, replies

SEO SETTINGS. sitemap xml, title, description, tags

create fake accounts, create fake messages, create fake comments, create fake replies, create fake value

Paypal API, Bitcoin API

support - contact by email



Maybe I forgot something? will add later through the process.
